Now that we have everything set up in terms of our firebase functions and all of that other stuff,
what I want us to do is I want us to deploy our functions and we're going to do that by going into our
package, JSON of our function.
We're going to do yard deploy.
We have to make sure we're inside of the functions folder and.
We are, and then we'll do Jaan.
And once we deploy, we'll be deploying our functions live with all of the information.
After we do that, we're going to publish, but we're going to make sure that everything is set up correctly
in order to publish.
So right here, we're deploying our functions, and in order for us to publish, what we want to do
is we want to double check outside of our functions right here, going to close up our features.
And in our utilities environment, we're going to say, well, it's not going to be development, so
we're going to be pointing to our live host.
Awesome.
Everything is good to go, all we need to do now is deploy our.
Expo application by doing Expo Publish, and this will publish a live version of our application in
its current state, and it should be a production built.
So it is not going to be development anymore.
It's going to be pointing to our live host.
And if all goes well, we should be working against our live functions.
Awesome.
So right here, while it's going through the publishing phase, what I'm going to do is over here on
this side, you see my live phone and my life phone is also pointing towards the meals to go that we
can load.
Now, you can see that I have snacks and I have published projects.
So I'm going to go into this published project and I'm going to make sure that when I log in Moaveni
thought I owe.
Test one, two, three, and I log in.
Right now, San Francisco is loading up and as we can see, it's still loading up the mock images,
so it has not refreshed.
So if we go back home and we refresh here quickly, we refresh again and we make sure that our functions
have been published, which they have.
Now, what we're going to do is going to open up Miles to go again, and let's try to fill in Toronto.
And once we do that, we can see, OK, now it's hitting the live API, so now I can go look for specific
spots.
Well, if we say Brugge, we'll go see what's available and can't find Brutsch.
Well, how about the let's see Montreal.
Let's go look for Montreal.
And once we look for Montreal, what we'll see is that our app is now loading the Montreal location
and we can live toggle all of the information for Montreal.
The same is true for any other place if we were to do Brussels.
We could go look for Brussels information and now we'll see all the information pop up from Brussels
and this is the live app that I published.
So now we can talk to our firebase functions directly from our application that we now published.
So we have the full end to end spectrum going on here.
Absolutely amazing.